---
title: 'OMSCS: Spring 2023'
date: 'May 5 2024'
excerpt: 'For the Spring 2023 semester, I took CS8803-015 Special Topics: Computer Law and CS8803-022 Special Topics: Security Incidence Response. This is my review for these courses.'
cover_image: 'N/A'
tags: 'reviewes,omscs,gatech'
---
# Review: CS8803-015 Special Topics: Computer Law
## Objective
I wanted to supplement my knowledge of intellectual property with a formal course from a university; I participate in filing for intellectual property in my company.  
## Learning Outcome
The course went over the various types of intellectual property, how they are protected, and what happens during infringement. The assignments were quite interesting, ranging from quizzes of course material to acquisition proposals and code analysis.
## Difficulty
This course required consistent effort. It required about **5 - 10 hours** each week. The final code analysis assignment was significantly more difficult compared to the rest of the assignments. Lost a fair bit of points from that assignment.

# Review: CS8803-O22 Security Incident Response
## Objective
I wanted to expand my horizons by learning how security teams detect and respond to security incidents for software systems. 
## Learning Outcome
I was satisfied with the course, and had hands on experience with tools like Splunk and Snort. Deliverables included case study reports and longer assignments, done as either a group or alone. 

I had the opportunity to work together with individuals who are cybersecurity personnel by profession so I had the chance to learn how they troubleshoot and identify root causes of security incidents. 

## Difficulty
I spent an estimate of between **5 - 10 hours** each week for this course. 

# Overall Experience for OMSCS
This is my final semester for OMSCS. I enjoyed taking all courses, although close to the end of it, I was getting distracted by work commitments, the possibility of working on side projects, and enjoying life. It was a positive experience overall. 